# Blockchain-Based E-Voting System

[ORIGINAL LINK](https://skemman.is/bitstream/1946/31161/1/Research-Paper-BBEVS.pdf)

### Abstract: Requirements and legal and technical limitations of distributed electronic 
voting system applied with blockchain

## I. Instruction

### Four main characteristics of blockchain
* distributed ledger
* Distributed control of new transaction registrations
* The new block references the old block and prevents changes to the integrity of the previous block.
* In order for a new block to be chained, the consensus of the majority of nodes is required.

## II. Preliminaries Of E-Voting And Blockchain
Implementation of electronic voting using blockchain using Permisioned Blockchain, Proof-Of-Authority, Smart Contract, 
and Non-Interactive Zero-knowledge Proof

### (Addendum) Permission Blockchain
* A blockchain that can restrict access to the network
* You can decide which nodes can participate in the consensus of the network and who can verify transactions.

### (Addendum) Proof-Of-Authority
* Proof-Of-Stake modified consensus algorithm in
* Validators transaction validated by account
* Validators discloses his or her identity information
* Validators process transactions correctly (more powerful than PoS) as they do not want to negatively affect their 
  identity
* Private Blockchain suitable for

## III. Blockchain As A Service For E-Voting

### immediate constituent
Election Administrator
* Responsible for trusted organizations
* Designate election types, organize elections, configure ballots, register to vote, assign authorized nodes

Voter
* If you are authorized to vote, verify yourself and receive your ballot to vote and verify
* Reward with tokens for voting in the near future

District Node
* When an election manager creates an election, a voting contract that interacts with the District Node is put on the 
  blockchain.
* When voters vote in the contract, all District Nodes verify voting data, and if approved, votes are registered on the 
  chain when block time is reached.

Boot Node
* District Node allow them to quickly connect to each other

### voting process
1. Election Creation
    * Election manager creates voting contract using DApp
    * Set candidate list, voting period, etc.
    * Once the voting contract is created, it can interact with the District Node.
1. Voter Registration
    * Election administrator registers to vote
    * Voters authenticate themselves via their ID and PIN
    * Non-Interactive Zero-knowledge Proof issue wallet addresses to voters through
    * The system itself cannot verify the matching between the voter and the wallet address.
1. Vote Transaction
    * voters vote through voting contracts
    * District Node validates the vote and adds it to the blockchain when consensus is reached
    * voters receive a transaction id for their votes
    * Voters cannot vote twice as their wallet weight decreases by 1 after voting.
    * In this system, a transaction only stores the transaction ID, the block in which the transaction is located, and 
      the contract from which the transaction was sent.
1. Tallying Results
    * Election counting takes place immediately after voting
    * It is calculated in its own memory, and the final result is posted through the contract at the end of the election.
1. Verifying Vote
    * Voters validate their votes through the transaction ID they have been issued


## IV. Security Analysis And Legal Issues

### Security Analysis

DDoS
* The attacker must perform an attack against all Boot Nodes
* Each node implements a Byzantine fault-tolerant algorithm useful for finding failed nodes in the system.

Authentication Vulnerability
* Authenticate using your ID and PIN at the voting booth
* If you do not have a voting supervisor, you can vote by proxy using your ID and PIN number you know
* Introduction of biometrics in the near future

Sybil

### Legal Issues

Remote Voting
* Remote elections cannot guarantee the confidentiality of voting
* There is a risk of hacking if the election is conducted through a website, etc.

Transparency
* The current electoral system has no way of knowing whether one's votes are well reflected.

Voter Privacy
* An individual should not be able to tell who voted for whom.

## V. Related Work
The challenges of the electronic voting protocol
* There should be no trusted third parties
* No Voter-Voter private channel

Open Vote Network(OVN)
* 2-Round Protocol
    * consists of two rounds
    * In the first round, all participants announce their public key and use their private key as 
      Zero-Knowledge Proof (ZKP).
    * At the end of the round, each participant will validate the ZKP
    * In the second round, each participant proves a valid vote without revealing their vote value.

